tkt-76018: Increase timeout for inittasks (#2596)
freenas/freenas: docs/api/resources/tasks.rst

                "ini_command": "rm /mnt/tank/temp*",
                "ini_script": null,
                "ini_type": "command",
                "ini_when": "postinit",
                "ini_timeout": 10
        }

   :json string ini_command: command to execute
   :json string ini_script: path to script to execute
   :json string ini_type: run a command ("command") or a script ("script")
   :json string ini_when: preinit, postinit, shutdown

>    :json integer ini_timeout: timeout in seconds to wait for execution of script/command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :json integer ini_timeout: number of seconds to wait for script or command execution before triggering a timeout
```

                "ini_command": "rm /mnt/tank/temp*",
                "ini_script": null,
                "ini_type": "command",
                "ini_when": "preinit",
                "ini_timeout": 10
        }

   :json string ini_command: command to execute
   :json string ini_script: path to script to execute
   :json string ini_type: run a command ("command") or a script ("script")
   :json string ini_when: preinit, postinit, shutdown

>    :json integer ini_timeout: timeout in seconds to wait for execution of script/command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :json integer ini_timeout: number of seconds to wait for script or command execution before triggering a timeout
```
